you know system design, there a couple of websites that teaches you system design, by giving you challenges right away, and you have to solve them from scratch.
I'd like to approach this in a game way.
The user has an interface, where they can drag and drop system components, and connect them to each other and configure them.
I want to have a couple of stages, each stage introduces a new concept in system design.
On each stage we increase complexity and so on..
I want each stage to introduce a problem that's a consequence of something realistic happens, like increase number of users, then they have to increase number of servers...
Latency is high, then we have to introduce caching and cdns for frontend and so on.
And in each stage, I want numbers, for example number of users increased by 200% 
and in the other stage the latency increased by 400% and so on

Each stage should contain
1. name
2. system design problem title and description
3. Something to read before starting the solution of the system design
4. components should be used in the solution for the system design
5. Dashboard:
   1. Has the details of the current system, which they simulate real world systems..
      1. Problems for each system design stage (the user shouldn't see them all at once, but as needed per stage):
         1. Example 1: server is reaching 100% of it's power
         2. Example 2: latency is high
         3. Example 3: high rate of requests per second from the same IP
         4. Example 4: high rate of timeouts
         5. Example 5: high rate of failures
      2. Generic Stats:
         1. Number of active users is 232
         2. Number of countries the users are coming from
         3. Costs for given system design
   2. Once the user introduces a new component, the dashboard should adjust accordingly
      1. Example 1: servers are at 40% 20% utilisation rate for each server..
      2. And so on
Give me an example on 3 stages
Let's consider the base of all stages a client connected to server connected to a db, no need to have a whole stage for it as it doesn't make lots of sense